# DREAM - Data-dRiven PrEdictive FArMing in Telengana
Project for the Software Engineering 2 course at Politecnico di Milano. 

## Overview
***Data-dRiven PrEdictive FArMing in Telengana (DREAM)*** is a project that aims to improve agricultural production in Telegana, in a system that integrates the work of farmers, policy makers and agronomists.

For each of these figures, different objectives have been devised:

* **Policy makers:** A Telangana policy maker is a type of user that intends to use the DREAM system to drive policy decisions. Policy makers are mainly interested in accessing rankings and evaluations of all the farmers in the entire area as well as identifying broader trends in the data such as relating the community-provided support to production outcomes. Since policy makers have a more holistic view of the region, they use the DREAM system to configure metrics that are used to classify ”well-performing” and ”poor-performing” farmers based on rankings, evaluations, and data.

* **Agronomists:** An Agronomist is a type of user that intends to use the DREAM system as a tool to manage some of their job responsibilities. Agronomists want to receive requests for help from the farmers; answer requests from farmers; inspect rankings of the performance of farmers; provide evaluations regarding farmers performance; and utilize a tool to create, modify and confirm daily plans to manage farms visits.

* **Farmers:** A farmer is the type of user that intends to use the DREAM system to visualize data relevant to them such as weather forecasts or personalized suggestions. Personalized suggestions generated by the DREAM product may consist of new crops to consider planting, different fertilizers to use, or other cultivation methods to try. Farmers can also use the DREAM system to ask professional agronomists and other nearby farmers for help and suggestions.

## Documents Created
The project specification can be found [here](https://github.com/gabrielemarra/DREAM-ProjectDesign/blob/main/Assignment_RDD.pdf).

### 1. Requirements Analysis and Specification Document
The _Requirement Analysis and Specification Document_ (RASD) aims at illustrating a complete overview of the project, providing a baseline for its planning and development. It guides the reader in understanding the specifics of the application domain and the relative System in terms of **functional requirements**, **non functional requirements**, and **constraints**. It details how, according to these, the System interacts with the external world, showing concrete **use case scenarios**. A more comprehensive description of the most relevant features will be modeled with the use of the Alloy language.

### 2. Design Document
The _Design Document_ (DD) is aimed to provide an overview of the application, explaining how to satisfy the project requirements declared in the RASD and stating the successive refinements made together with the Stakeholders according to their needs. The document is mainly intended to be used by developers teams as  guidance in the development process, by testing teams to write automated testing and to avoid structural degradation of the System in case of maintenance or future extension. Indeed, its purpose is to provide a functional description of the main **architectural components**, their **interfaces**, and their **interactions**, along with the **design patterns**.

## The deliveries
- The RASD can be found [here](https://github.com/gabrielemarra/DREAM-ProjectDesign/blob/main/DeliveryFolder/RASD2.pdf).
- The DD can be found [here](https://github.com/gabrielemarra/DREAM-ProjectDesign/blob/main/DeliveryFolder/DD1.pdf). 

## Authors
- Gabriele Marra ([@gabrielemarra](https://github.com/gabrielemarra))
- Matteo Miceli ([@micelimatteo](https://github.com/micelimatteo))
- Destiny Mora ([@dmora4](https://github.com/dmora4))

[//]: <> (#### Final score: 30L/30L)
